This Github repository contains the code and data used in the bachelor's thesis "A Modular System to Control the Dialog Strategy of Large Language Models Tutors" by Romain Puech, École polytechnique, advised by Dr. Julia Chatain, ETH Zurich with co-advisors Jakub Macina and Prof. Dr. Mrinmaya Sachan, ETH AI Center.

Please contact the author at romain.puech@polytechnique.edu.



- "Code"contains the complete code of our Intelligent Tutoring System implementation. The different modules are seperated in different files and classes.

Use ``streamlit run app.py`` to run the web-app.  
Download streamlit with ``pip install streamlit`` if necessary.  
Once the wep app is open, you can use the "Load Conversation" button to load example conversations. For example: `../Conversations/json/BX2.json`.  
To use the Tutor, an OpenAI Azure API key is needed. You can edit the ``Code/key.txt`` file with your key.  

- "Conversations" contains the generated conversations we used for the human et tutoring fidelity evaluations.

- "Human evaluation results" containts the csv file generated by the evaluation form

- "Strategy Fidelity Evaluation" contains our annotated datasets for the Productive Failure fidelity assessment.

- "Assessor Datasets" contains the annotated datasets for the Assessor's tests. It also contains the results of these tests.

Please refer to each folder's README for further information.

Cite as:

```
@thesis{puech2024,  
	type={Bachelor's Thesis}  
	author  = "Romain Puech",  
  	title   = "A Modular System to Control the Dialog Strategy of Large Language Models Tutors",  
  	school  = "\'Ecole polytechnique",  
  	year    = "2024"  
}  
```



